##Grid Bug
"These electronically based creatures are not native to this
universe. They appear to come from a world whose laws of
motion are radically different from ours.
 
Tron looked to his mate and pilot. 'I'm going to check on
the beam connection, Yori. You two can keep a watch out for
grid bugs.' Tron paced forward along the slender catwalk
that still seemed awfully insubstantial to Flynn, though he
knew it to be amazingly sturdy. He gazed after Tron, asking
himself what in the world a grid bug was, and hoping that the
beam connection -- to which he'd given no thought whatsoever
until this moment -- was healthy and sound."
^^[ Tron, novel by Brian Daley, story by Steven Lisberger (1982) ]

##Morlock
"I turned with my heart in my mouth, and saw a queer little apelike figure, its head held down in a peculiar manner, running across the sunlit space behind me. 
It blundered against a block of granite, staggered aside, and in a moment was hidden in a black shadow beneath another pile of ruined masonry.
'My impression of it was of course imperfect; but I know it was a dull white, and had strange large grayish-red eyes; also that there was flaxen hair on its
head and down its back. But as I say, it went too fast for me to see distinctly. I cannot even say whether it ran on all fours, or only with its forearms
held low... 
Plainly, this second species of man was subterranean. There were three circumstances in particular which made me think that its rare emergence above
ground was the outcome of a long-continued underground habit. In the first place, there was the bleached look common in most animals that live largely
in the dark - the white fish of the Kentucky caves, for instance. Then those large eyes with that capacity for reflecting light are common features of 
noctural things - witness the owl and the cat. And last of all, that evident confusion in the sunshine, that hasty yet fumbling and awkward flight towards
dark shadow, and that peculiar carriage of the head while in the light - all reinforced the theory of an extreme sensitiveness of the retina."
^^[ The Time Machine, novel by H.G Wells (1895) ]

##Mechanical Hound
"Mechanical Hound never fails. Never since its first use in tracking quarry has this incredible invention made a mistake. Tonight, this network is proud to have 
the opportunity to follow the Hound by camera helicopter as it starts on its way to the target..."
^^[ Fahrenheit 451, novel by Ray Bradbury (1953) ]

##Fireman
"It was a pleasure to burn.
It was a special pleasure to see things eaten, to see things blackened and changed. With the brass nozzle in his fists, with this great python spitting its 
venomous kerosene upon the world, the blood pounded in his head, and his hands were the hands of some amazing conductor playing all the symphonies of blazing
and burning to bring down the tatters and charcoal ruins of history. With his symbolic helmet numbered 451 on his stolid head, and his eyes all orange flame
with the thought of what came next, he flicked the igniter and the house jumped up in a gorging fire that burned the evening sky red and yellow and black.
He strode in a swarm of fireflies. He wanted above all, like the old joke, to shove a marshmallow on a stick in the furnace, while the flapping 
pigeon-winged books died on the porch and lawn of the house. While the books went up in sparkling whirls and blew away on a wind turned dark with burning." 
^^[ Fahrenheit 451, novel by Ray Bradbury (1953) ]

##Recognizer
"[Flynn is flying a Recognizer]
Kevin Flynn: Pretty good driving, huh?
[Crash!]
Bit: No!
Kevin Flynn: Who asked you?"
^^[ TRON, movie, directed and written by Steven Lisberger (1982) ]